docs(bil): added reference content MTA-4071 (#2789)
scaleway/docs-content: console/billing/reference-content/reading-an-invoice.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Reading an invoice
  description: This page explains how to read an invoice
content:
  h1: Reading an invoice
  paragraph: This page explains how to read an invoice
tags: billing invoice payment 
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-23
  posted: 2024-02-23
categories:
  - billing
---

> <Lightbox src={["Facture1.webp", "Facture2.webp"]} size={"medium"} alt={["Facture1", "Facture2"]} />

Reviewer: We have a naming convention for images, they should start with "scaleway", then the naming should indicate what the image is about => "scaleway-read-invoice-one" and "scaleway-read-invoice-two"

1. The invoice number. This is a unique reference number for your invoice.
2. The status of the invoice showing the billing period, the invoice's issuing and due dates.
3. The seller (Scaleway SAS) contact information and VAT number.

> 4. The customer information, your postal address, e-mail address, Organization ID, and in case of a business account your EU VAT number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The customer information, your postal address, email address, Organization ID, and in case of a business account your EU VAT number.
```
